Dashboard support on Infrequent tier (#2071)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/beta/infrequent-dashboard-support.md

---
id: infrequent-tier-dashboard-support
title: Infrequent Tier Support for Dashboards
description: Learn how to setup dashboard panels against the Infrequent data tier.
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

<head>
  <meta name="robots" content="noindex" />
</head>

<p> <a href="/docs/beta"><span className="beta">Beta</span></a> </p>

> Previously, dashboards were only supported in Sumo Logic’s Continuous data tier. Now, you can also setup dashboard panels that run against the Infrequent tier.

Reviewer: I'd rephrase it as:
Previously, dashboards were only supported in Sumo Logic's Continuous data tier. Now, you can also set up dashboard panels that run against the Infrequent tier, making it easier to include data from the Infrequent tier in the scope of dashboard panels.
```

> Previously, dashboards were only supported in Sumo Logic’s Continuous data tier. Now, you can also setup dashboard panels that run against the Infrequent tier.

Author: This seems to reiterate the same thing twice when I read it.

> ".. set up dashboard panels that run against the Infrequent tier"
> and "making it easier to include data from the Infrequent tier in the scope of dashboard panels"

Both of these to me appear like the same thing. Can we simplify the whole sentence instead to:

> "Previously, dashboards were only supported in Sumo Logic's Continuous data tier. This support enables you to also > set up dashboard panels to include data from the Infrequent tier."

> Previously, dashboards were only supported in Sumo Logic’s Continuous data tier. Now, you can also setup dashboard panels that run against the Infrequent tier.

Reviewer: Yes, we can. This looks good.

## Sample Queries

> This means you can now include data from the Infrequent Tier in the scope of dashboard panels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use data from the Infrequent tier in your dashboard panels, you can use the following sample queries
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> For example, you can use `_dataTier=Infrequent` in your query scope:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Use `_dataTier=Infrequent` in your query scope. 
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```sql
_dataTier=Infrequent _sourceCategory=appA "error"
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Or, you can select data in the Infrequent tier by specifying the Partition that contains it, like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or select data in the Infrequent tier by specifying the Partition that contains it. For example:
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```sql
_index=some_infrequent_index
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```sql
_index=some_infrequent_index OR _index=some_continuous_index
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Limitations  

* Auto-refesh is not available for dashboard panels running on Infrequent tier

## Infrequent Dashboard Usage

Sumo Logic provides a dashboard you can use to monitor the Infrequent tier consumption by saved Dashboards.

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/beta/infrequent-dashboard.png')} alt="dashboard" />

The dashboard presents the following information for the currently selected time range:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* **Avg Credits Consumed/Day**. The daily average number of credits consumed over the last 30 days.
* **Total Credits Consumed**. The total credits consumed in the last 30 days.

> * **Top 50 Expensive Queries**. The top 50 expensive queries setup on Dashboards to run against Infrequent tier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Top 50 Expensive Queries**. The top 50 expensive queries set up on Dashboards to run against the Infrequent tier.
```
